javascript/trees/README.md, before:

# Binary Tree and BST Implementation
<!-- Short summary or background information -->

## Challenge

- Challenge Type: New Implementation

### Node

- Create a Node class that has properties for the value stored in the node, the left child node, and the right child node.

### Binary Tree

- Create a Binary Tree class
- Define a method for each of the depth first traversals:
  - pre order
  - in order
  - post order which returns an array of the values, ordered appropriately.

### Binary Search Tree

- Create a Binary Search Tree class
  - This class should be a sub-class (or your languages equivalent) of the Binary Tree Class, with the following additional methods:
- **Add**
  - Arguments: value
  - Return: nothing
  - Adds a new node with that value in the correct location in the binary search tree.
- **Contains**
  - Argument: value
  - Returns: boolean indicating whether or not the value is in the tree at least once.

## Approach & Efficiency

## API
<!-- Description of each method publicly available to your Linked List -->

Commit message:

Added Binary Tree methods and tests

javascript/trees/README.md, after:

# Binary Tree and BST Implementation
<!-- Short summary or background information -->

## Challenge

- Challenge Type: New Implementation

### Node

- Create a Node class that has properties for the value stored in the node, the left child node, and the right child node.

### Binary Tree

- Create a Binary Tree class
- Define a method for each of the depth first traversals:
  - pre order
  - in order
  - post order which returns an array of the values, ordered appropriately.

### Binary Search Tree

- Create a Binary Search Tree class
  - This class should be a sub-class (or your languages equivalent) of the Binary Tree Class, with the following additional methods:
- **Add**
  - Arguments: value
  - Return: nothing
  - Adds a new node with that value in the correct location in the binary search tree.
- **Contains**
  - Argument: value
  - Returns: boolean indicating whether or not the value is in the tree at least once.

## Approach & Efficiency

- Relied heavily on [this article](https://medium.com/swlh/binary-search-tree-in-javascript-31cb74d8263b#:~:text=To%20insert%20a%20node%20to,add%20the%20new%20node%20as) for proper syntax of class methods

## API
<!-- Description of each method publicly available to your Linked List -->
